feat: convert policy to use gravitee-doc-gen (#60)
gravitee-io/gravitee-policy-rest-to-soap: .docgen/overview.md

> You can use the {{ title .Plugin.ID }} policy to expose SOAP backend service as a REST API. The policy will pass the SOAP envelope message to the backend service as a POST request. SOAP envelopes support Expression Language to provide dynamic SOAP actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the {{ title .Plugin.ID }} policy to expose SOAP backend service as a REST API. The policy passes the SOAP envelope message to the backend service as a POST request. SOAP envelopes support Expression Language to provide dynamic SOAP actions.
```
